Application link: 
       http://localhost:8084/VeriDedup/

PROJECT STATEMENT
• The owner of the data and service provider may have trouble protecting user data 
from harmful intent if sensitive data is hacked or made public.
• The proposed solution involves updating ciphertext records for duplicate files using 
re-encryption keys.
• These keys enable the cloud server to generate converted ciphertexts, ensuring 
secure data access for users.

OBJECTIVES
• The project aims to create a secure system for managing the data on cloud server.
• It focuses on implementing a scheme for secure deduplication and recovery, 
ensuring data privacy and integrity.
• This involves adding re-encryption keys for duplicate files and enabling secure data 
retrieval through converted ciphertexts generated by the cloud server.
• The goal is to provide an efficient solution for managing data on cloud servers while 
ensuring data security and integrity through rigorous security analysis.

SCOPE OF THE PROJECT
• Data encryption for information stored on the cloud network ensures that even if 
the data is lost, stolen or mistakenly shared, the contents are virtually useless 
without the encryption key. Again, keys are only made available to authorized 
users

PROPOSED METHODOLOGY
• The methodology involves a combination of encryption, deduplication and access 
control to ensure the security and efficiency of data storage and retrieval in cloud.
• Data users can retrieve their files by decrypting the converted ciphertext with the 
key. This step ensures that authorized users can access their data securely.
• We are going to use AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) algorithm.
• It is designed to encrypt and decrypt data securely, ensuring confidentiality 
and integrity.

MODULES
• Data owner 
• Data user 
• Authenticated auditor 
• CSP 
Data owner :
Data owner register and login then CSP generates OTP which is received and then using 
that OTP data owner upload files with data will be encrypted and also can view the 
uploaded files. Data owner can view the data user details.
Data user:
Data user register and login can view uploaded files and request files after request been 
accepted data user can download files using key.
Authenticated auditor:
Authenticated auditor login and authenticate and accept request from the data user then 
send key then view data owner and data user details. The data will be re-encrypted.
CSP (Cloud service provider) Module:
Cloud service provider maintains the details of data owner and data user, and generate OTP 
for data owner
